NAME

cs-configure-text-options - Specify domain-specific stopwords, synonyms,
                            and stems.

SYNOPSIS

cs-configure-text-options [--stopwords FILE|S3_URI]
                          [--synonyms FILE|S3_URI]
                          [--stems FILE|S3_URI]
                          [--print-stopwords]
                          [--print-synonyms]
                          [--print-stems]
                          COMMON_OPTIONS
                         
DESCRIPTION

Amazon CloudSearch gives you control over how your content is indexed by
enabling you to specify the following language-specific text options:

  - stopwords   Words that should typically be ignored both during indexing 
                and at search time because they are either insignificant 
                or so common that including them would result in an a 
                massive number of matches. The default stopwords for English
                are: a, an, and, are, as, at, be, but, by, for, in, is, it, 
                of, on, or, the, to, was.

  - synonyms    Words that have the same or nearly the same meaning as terms
                that appear in your corpus. When a user searches for a 
                synonym rather than the indexed term, the results will 
                include documents that contain the indexed term. No synonyms
                are defined by default.
                
  - stems       Define mappings between related words and a common stem.
                This enables matching on variants of a word. No stems are 
                defined by default.

COMMON OPTIONS

-a, --access-key STRING         Your AWS access key. Used in conjunction
                                with --secret-key. Must be specified if
                                you do not use an AWS credential file.
 
-c, --aws-credential-file FILE  The path to the file that contains your AWS
                                credentials. Must be specified if you have
                                not set the AWS_CREDENTIAL_FILE environment
                                variable or explicitly set your credentials
                                with --access-key and --secret-key.
 
-d, --domain-name STRING        The name of the domain that you are querying
                                or configuring. Required.

-e,  --endpoint URL             The endpoint for the Amazon Cloud Search
                                Configuration Service. Defaults to
                                cloudsearch.us-east-1.amazonaws.com.

-h, --help                      Display this help message.
  
-k, --secret-key STRING         Your AWS secret key. Used in conjunction with
                                --access-key. Must be specified if you do not
                                use an AWS credential file.
 
-ve, --verbose                  Display verbose log messages.

-v, --version                   Display the version number of the command
                                line tools.

TEXT OPTIONS

--stems FILE                    The path or S3 URI for a stemming dictionary
                                file. The stemming dictionary file should 
                                contain one comma-separated term, stem pair 
                                per line. For example:
                                
                                  mice, mouse
                                  people, person
                                  running, run

--stopwords FILE                The path or S3 URI for a stopwords dictionary
                                file. The stopwords dictionary file should 
                                contain one stopword per line. For example:
                                
                                  the
                                  or
                                  and

--synonyms FILE                 The path or S3 URI for a synonyms dictionary
                                file. Each line in the file should specify a 
                                term followed by a  comma-separated list of 
                                its synonyms. For example:
                                 
                                  cat, feline, kitten
                                  dog, canine, puppy
                                  horse, equine, colt, filly
                                
-psw, --print-stopwords         List the domain's stopwords.

-psm, --print-stems             List the domain's stems.

-psn, --print-synonyms          List the domain's synonyms.

EXAMPLES

cs-configure-text-options -d mydomain --stems /home/mystems.txt
                          --stopwords /home/mystopwords.txt
                          --synonyms /home/mysynonyms.txt
                          COMMON_OPTIONS
                         
cs-configure-text-options -d mydomain --print-stopwords COMMON_OPTIONS