NAME

cs-configure-fields - Define index fields for a domain.

SYNOPSIS

cs-configure-fields  --name STRING --type text|literal|uint
                     [--option search|nosearch|facet|nofacet|result|noresult]
                     [--source STRING] [--default-value NUM]
                     [--delete]
                     COMMON_OPTIONS
                             
DESCRIPTION

Defines the fields that will be included in a domain's index and specifies
which fields can be searched, included in search results, or used as facets.
You can also use this command to delete fields from the domain.

The --option values you can specify for a field depend on the
field type:

- text        Text fields are always searchable. You can specify the facet,
              nofacet, result, or noresult options for a text field. A text
              field can be used as a facet or returned in search results,
              but not both. By default, text fields are not facet or
              result enabled.

- literal     You can specify the search, nosearch, facet, nofacet, result,
              or noresult options for a literal field. A literal field can
              be used as a facet or returned in search results, but not both.
              By default, literal fields are not searchable, facet-enabled,
              or result enabled.

- uint        Uint fields can always be used as facets and returned in
              results. No --option values are valid for a uint field.

For more information about configuring indexing options, see the Amazon
CloudSearch Developer Guide.

COMMON OPTIONS

-a, --access-key STRING         Your AWS access key. Used in conjunction
                                with --secret-key. Must be specified if
                                you do not use an AWS credential file.
 
-c, --aws-credential-file FILE  The path to the file that contains your AWS
                                credentials. Must be specified if you have 
                                not set the AWS_CREDENTIAL_FILE environment
                                variable or explicitly set your credentials
                                with --access-key and --secret-key. 
 
-d, --domain-name STRING        The name of the domain that you are 
                                configuring. Required.
 
-e,  --endpoint URL             The endpoint for the Amazon Cloud Search
                                Configuration Service. Defaults to
                                cloudsearch.us-east-1.amazonaws.com.
 
-h, --help                      Display this help message.
                      
-k, --secret-key STRING         Your AWS secret key. Used in conjunction with
                                --access-key. Must be specified if you do not
                                use an AWS credential file.
 
-ve, --verbose                  Display verbose log messages.
 
-v, --version                   Display the version number of the command
                                line tools.

INDEXING OPTIONS

--default-value NUM             The default value for a uint field. This
                                value will be added to any document that
                                does not contain at least one value for
                                the field.

--delete                        Delete the field specified by the --name
                                and --type options.

--name STRING                   The name of the field you are configuring
                                or deleting. Field names must begin with a
                                letter and can contain the following
                                characters: a-z (lower-case letters),
                                0-9, and _ (underscore). Field names
                                must be at least 3 and no more than 28
                                characters. Required.

--option OPTION                 Configures an option for the field specified
                                by the --name and --type options. Valid
                                values: search, nosearch, facet, nofacet,
                                result, noresult. Text and literal fields
                                cannot have both the facet and result
                                options enabled. By default, text and uint
                                fields are always searchable and uint fields
                                are always facet-enabled.

--source FIELD                  A source field for a compound field. The
                                value of a compound field is the
                                concatenation of the values of all
                                of its sources.              

--type TYPE                     The type of the field that you are
                                configuring or deleting: text, literal, uint.
                                Required.

EXAMPLES    

Configure index fields:

  cs-configure-fields -d mydomain --name title --type text --option result
                      COMMON_OPTIONS

  cs-configure-fields -d mydomain --name people --type text --source actor
                      --source director
                      COMMON_OPTIONS

  cs-configure-fields -d mydomain --name category --type literal 
                      --options facet
                      COMMON_OPTIONS

  cs-configure-fields --name value --type uint --default-value 100
                      COMMON_OPTIONS

Delete an index field:

  cs-configure-fields -d mydomain --name obsolete_field --type index-uint 
                      --delete
                      COMMON_OPTIONS
