NAME

cs-configure-ranking - Configure a custom rank expression for a domain.

SYNOPSIS

cs-configure-ranking --name STRING --expression EXPRESSION [--delete]
                     COMMON_OPTIONS

DESCRIPTION

Enables you to specify a rank expression to control how search results
are ranked. A rank expression is a numeric expression that can reference
uint fields and other rank expressions by name. You can also reference
a document's default text_relevance score in a rank expression.

A document's text_relevance score is a value from 0 to 1000 (inclusive).
To calculate the relevance score, Amazon CloudSearch takes into account
how many times the search terms appear (term frequency) and how close
the search terms are to each other (proximity).

All of the usual arithmetic, bitwise, boolean, and comparison operators
and most common math C library functions can be used in rank expressions.
Intermediate results are calculated as double-precision floating point
values and the return value is rounded to the nearest integer. If the
expression is invalid or evaluates to a negative value, it returns 0.

To use a rank expression to sort search results, you specify
&rank=RANKEXPRESSION in your search requests.

For more information about constructing and using rank expressions, see
the Amazon CloudSearch API Reference and the Amazon CloudSearch
Developer Guide.

COMMON OPTIONS

-a, --access-key STRING         Your AWS access key. Used in conjunction
                                with --secret-key. Must be specified if
                                you do not use an AWS credential file.

-c, --aws-credential-file FILE  The path to the file that contains your AWS
                                credentials. Must be specified if you have
                                not set the AWS_CREDENTIAL_FILE environment
                                variable or explicitly set your credentials
                                with --access-key and --secret-key.

-d, --domain-name STRING        The name of the domain that you are
                                configuring. Required.

-e,  --endpoint URL             The endpoint for the Amazon Cloud Search
                                Configuration Service. Defaults to
                                cloudsearch.us-east-1.amazonaws.com.

-h, --help                      Display this help message.
  
-k, --secret-key STRING         Your AWS secret key. Used in conjunction with
                                --access-key. Must be specified if you do not
                                use an AWS credential file.

-ve, --verbose                  Display verbose log messages.
 
-v, --version                   Display the version number of the command
                                line tools.

RANKING OPTIONS

--delete                        Delete the rank expression specified in
                                the --name option.

--name STRING                   The name of the rank expression you are
                                configuring or deleting. Required.

-ex,--expression EXPRESSION     The rank expression to be computed when
                                processing a search request.  A rank 
                                expression is a numeric expression that 
                                can reference uint fields and other rank
                                expressions by name, as well as a document's 
                                default text_relevance score. 

EXAMPLES

cs-configure-ranking -d mydomain --name myrankexp
                --expression ((0.3*myuintfield)/10.0)+((0.7*text_relevance))
                COMMON_OPTIONS

cs-configure-ranking -d mydomain --name myrankexp
                --expression text_relevance+myotherankexp/100000
                COMMON_OPTIONS