NAME

cs-configure-access-policies - Configure access to an Amazon CloudSearch
                               domain.
  
SYNOPSIS 

cs-configure-access-policies --service doc|search|all
                             [--allow IP|CIDR|all] [--deny IP|CIDR|all]
                             [--update] [--policy-file FILE]
                             [--delete IP|CIDR] [--force]
                             [--retrieve]                    
                             COMMON_OPTIONS

DESCRIPTION

Defines access policies for a domain's document and search endpoints.
When a domain is first created, it is configured to deny all access.
To access the document or search services through the Amazon CloudSearch
Command Line Tools or APIs, you must authorize one or more IP
addresses.

This command provides two ways for you to update your domain's access 
policies:
  
  --update      Add or remove specific permissions from your domain's access
                policies. Changes are automatically merged with the domain's 
                existing policy document.

  --policy-file Upload a policy document to your domain. The uploaded file
                overwrites the domain's existing policy document.

When using the --update option, you can specify multiple --allow or --deny
options to allow or block multiple IP addresses or address ranges. You must
specify one or more --service options to indicate which service endpoints
you want to apply the access policies to.

Address ranges are specified using Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR)
notation with the base IP address followed by a / and a network mask that 
indicates the number of leftmost bits used to identify the network. If you 
don't specify a network mask it defaults to 32, which authorizes or blocks 
only the specified IP address.

When using the --policy-file option, the uploaded policy document replaces
the domain's existing policy document. The specified file must be a valid
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) policy document. (You can use the
--retrieve mode to get the domain's current policy document.) For
information about the IAM Access Policy Language, see
http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/index.html?
AccessPolicyLanguage.html.

COMMON OPTIONS

-a, --access-key STRING         Your AWS access key. Used in conjunction
                                with --secret-key. Must be specified if
                                you do not use an AWS credential file.
                               
-c, --aws-credential-file FILE  The path to the file that contains your AWS
                                credentials. Must be specified if you have 
                                not set the AWS_CREDENTIAL_FILE environment
                                variable or explicitly set your credentials
                                with --access-key and --secret-key.
 
-d, --domain-name STRING        The name of the domain that you are querying
                                or configuring. Required.
 
-e,  --endpoint URL             The endpoint for the Amazon Cloud Search
                                Configuration Service. Defaults to
                                cloudsearch.us-east-1.amazonaws.com.
 
-h, --help                      Display this help message.
  
-k, --secret-key STRING         Your AWS secret key. Used in conjunction with
                                --access-key. Must be specified if you do not
                                use an AWS credential file.
 
-ve, --verbose                  Display verbose log messages.
 
-v, --version                   Display the version number of the command
                                line tools.
                                
UPDATE ACCESS POLICY OPTIONS

-al, --allow IP|CIDR            Add access privileges for a specific IP
                                address or CIDR block. Specify all to
                                allow access from any IP address. Multiple
                                --allow options can be specified to authorize
                                multiple addresses or address ranges. Used
                                in conjunction with the --update option.

-del,--delete IP|CIDR           Delete the allow or deny rule configured for
                                the specified IP address or CIDR block. Used
                                in conjunction with the --update option.

-de, --deny IP|CIDR             Deny access privileges for a specific IP
                                address or CIDR block. Specify all to block
                                access from all IP addresses. Multiple --deny
                                options can be specified to block multiple
                                addresses or address ranges. Used in
                                conjunction with the --update option.

-se, --service SERVICE          Specify the service to apply the policy
                                changes to: doc, search, or all. All allow,
                                deny, and delete options will be applied
                                to the specified service. Multiple
                                --service options can be specified to apply
                                the same policies to multiple services.
                                Required when using the --update option.
                                
-u, --update                    Update the policy with the specified allow,
                                deny and delete options. When using --update,
                                you must also specify at least one --allow, 
                                --deny, or --delete option. You must also 
                                specify at least one of the domain's
                                endpoints with the --service option.                                

POLICY FILE OPTIONS

-pf, --policy-file FILE         Replace the domain's existing policy document
                                with the specified JSON policy document. Can
                                be specified as a path to a local file or an
                                S3 URI.

-r, --retrieve                  Retrieve the domain's existing policy document.
 
MISCELLANEOUS OPTIONS

-f,  --force                    Apply changes to the domain's access policies
                                without confirmation. Can be used in
                                conjunction with either the --update or
                                --policy-file option.
                                  
EXAMPLES

Authorize addresses in the range 192.168.0.0 to 192.168.3.255 to access all
services:
  
  cs-configure-access-policies -d mydomain --update --allow 192.168.0.0/22  
                               --service all
                               COMMON_OPTIONS
    
Block a particular IP address from accessing the search service:
  
  cs-configure-access-policies -d mydomain --update --deny 192.168.0.0 
                               --service search
                               COMMON_OPTIONS

Allow access to all services from any IP address:

  cs-configure-access-policies -d mydomain --update --allow all --service all
                               COMMON_OPTIONS
    
Upload a policy document and overwrite the domain's access policies without
having to confirm the change:

  cs-configure-access-policies -d mydomain --policy-file c:\mypolicydoc.json
                               --force
                               COMMON_OPTIONS